Fix an issue where the primary button got extra wide on configuration changes. (#6326)
stripe/stripe-android: CHANGELOG.md

## XX.XX.XX - 2023-XX-XX

### PaymentSheet

> * [FIXED][63260](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/6326) Fixed and issue where the pay button would lose it's padding on configuration changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FIXED][6326](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/6326) Fixed an issue where the primary button would lose its padding on configuration changes.
```
